---
layout: page
title: Common definitions
---

# Definitions

## Accessory

An Accessory is an extra asset type that gets booked out alongside other Asset
Types, such as a power cable that always goes out with a lighting fixture. You
can set a quantity and type to attach to an Asset Type.

## Asset

An Asset is one of many Asset Types and allow you to track the maintenance and
booking history of a particular Asset. All Assets are barcoded by default,
making tagging your equipment easy.

## Asset Case

Telling Ripple about which Assets live in which Cases, and then attaching
barcodes to those Cases, makes signing out equipment a very quick process.
Ripple will automatically add all Assets in the Case to the signed out list of
the event.

## Asset Type

Asset Types represent all your equipment you wish to hire out. Add Maintenance
Schedules, Specifications, Accessories, Multiplier Types, Categories and
Documents to individual Asset Types to keep on top of all aspects of your
equipment.

## Category

A Category holds a collection of similar Asset Types, making them easy to find
by your customers on the website.

## Client

Clients keep all the data about one customer in one place, and allow you to
refer to it everywhere else you need to.

## Client Type

A Client Type provides a way to group your clients to allow granular reporting
on sales, events and more.

## Crew

Crew resources allow the allocating of staff to Shifts and Events, as well as
responsibilties during those shifts.

## Document

A Document is a template that has been generated for a resource. They are fixed
once generated, to allow for easy audit history.

## Document State

Document States apply to each Document, allowing you to track what the last
action on each Document was.

## Document State Event

## Document Type

Document Types form the base of all Documents, providing a unique and clean way
of generating uniform Documents for any resource.

## Event

An Event is the core of Ripple, bringing together everything you need to ensure
smooth planning, preperation, operation and return of equipment and staff

## Event Item

## Image

Reusable Images keep consistency between Asset Types, Categories, and your
website.

## Maintenance Event

## Maintenance Resolution

## Maintenance Schedule

## Maintenance Type

## Multiplier Type

## Resource Image

## Row Item

## Setting

Global Settings configure different parts of the system to your needs, allowing
Ripple to be completely customisable.

## Shift

## Specification

## Website

Ripple comes with a website generator built in, auto-generating a section of the
site with all the Asset Types you opt to display on the website, simplifying
your administration tasks when adding new equipment to your inventory.

## Website Component

Every aspect of the Website is configurable, from overall layout down to custom
styling to individual components.
